Update README.md with current license year (#10)
cap-js-community/event-queue: README.md

## Licensing

> Copyright 2023 SAP SE or an SAP affiliate company and <your-project> contributors. Please see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copyright 2023 SAP SE or an SAP affiliate company and `@cap-js-community/event-queue contributors`. Please see
```
